README.md, before:

# Frontend-Tools 🔨

Hey! I hope that you can found here some interesting tools.

If you want to add some tools that you actually use, please do it! PR's are open.

## Chrome

- Extension 🎯 - [React Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-developer-tools/fmkadmapgofadopljbjfkapdkoienihi)

  _Adds React debugging tools to the Chrome Developer Tools_

- Extension 🎯 - [Grid Ruler](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grid-ruler/joadogiaiabhmggdifljlpkclnpfncmj)

  _Create grids and measure their distance easily_

- Extension 🎯 - [Design Grid Overlay](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/design-grid-overlay/kmaadknbpdklpcommafmcboghdlopmbi)

  _This extension displays grid and measurement overlays for a design grid system_

- Extension 🎯 - [ColorZilla](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/colorzilla/bhlhnicpbhignbdhedgjhgdocnmhomnp)

  _Get a color reading from any point in your browser, quickly adjust this color and paste it into another program_
  
- Extension 🎯 - [VisBug](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/visbug/cdockenadnadldjbbgcallicgledbeoc)

  _Design debug tools_
  
- Extension 🎯 - [Wappalyzer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wappalyzer/gppongmhjkpfnbhagpmjfkannfbllamg?hl=es)

  _A browser extension that uncovers the technologies used on websites._

## CSS

- Web 🌏 - [cssmatic.com](https://www.cssmatic.com/)

  _Generate gradient, border radios, noise texture and box shadow_

- Web 🌏 - [css-tricks.com](https://css-tricks.com/)

  _Snippets, Articles, Newletters, Guides, Guides and more_
  
- Web 🌏 - [cssreference.io](https://cssreference.io/)

  _CSS full cheatsheet_


- Web 🌏 - [csstriggers.com](https://csstriggers.com/)
  
  _How browsers react to css properties changes_

  

## Repository

## Resources

- Web 🌏 - [unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/)

  _High quality photos free of copyright_
  
- Web 🌏 - [coolors.co](https://coolors.co/app)

  _A super fast color schemes generator!_

Commit message:

Add Redux DevTools and JSON Viewer Awesome

README.md, after:

# Frontend-Tools 🔨

Hey! I hope that you can found here some interesting tools.

If you want to add some tools that you actually use, please do it! PR's are open.

## Chrome

- Extension 🎯 - [React Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-developer-tools/fmkadmapgofadopljbjfkapdkoienihi)

  _Adds React debugging tools to the Chrome Developer Tools_

- Extension 🎯 - [Redux DevTools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd)

 _Adds Redux debugging tools for any architectures which handle state.

- Extension 🎯 - [Grid Ruler](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grid-ruler/joadogiaiabhmggdifljlpkclnpfncmj)

  _Create grids and measure their distance easily_

- Extension 🎯 - [Design Grid Overlay](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/design-grid-overlay/kmaadknbpdklpcommafmcboghdlopmbi)

  _This extension displays grid and measurement overlays for a design grid system_

- Extension 🎯 - [ColorZilla](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/colorzilla/bhlhnicpbhignbdhedgjhgdocnmhomnp)

  _Get a color reading from any point in your browser, quickly adjust this color and paste it into another program_
  
- Extension 🎯 - [VisBug](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/visbug/cdockenadnadldjbbgcallicgledbeoc)

  _Design debug tools_
  
- Extension 🎯 - [Wappalyzer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wappalyzer/gppongmhjkpfnbhagpmjfkannfbllamg?hl=es)

  _A browser extension that uncovers the technologies used on websites._

- Extension 🎯 - [JSON Viewer Awesome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/json-viewer-awesome/iemadiahhbebdklepanmkjenfdebfpfe)

  _A browser extension for visualize formatted JSON responses from APIs_

## CSS

- Web 🌏 - [cssmatic.com](https://www.cssmatic.com/)

  _Generate gradient, border radios, noise texture and box shadow_

- Web 🌏 - [css-tricks.com](https://css-tricks.com/)

  _Snippets, Articles, Newletters, Guides, Guides and more_
  
- Web 🌏 - [cssreference.io](https://cssreference.io/)

  _CSS full cheatsheet_


- Web 🌏 - [csstriggers.com](https://csstriggers.com/)
  
  _How browsers react to css properties changes_

  
## Repository

## Resources

- Web 🌏 - [unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/)

  _High quality photos free of copyright_
  
- Web 🌏 - [coolors.co](https://coolors.co/app)

  _A super fast color schemes generator!_
